Welcome to Heroes of Newerth


Version 4.8.5.1 - 6 August 2020
== Design ==

= Heroes =

Doctor Repulsor
- Attack action time increased from 350ms to 400ms.

Opposite Charges
- Duration reduced from 1/1.4/1.8/2.2 seconds to 0.8/1.2/1.6/2 seconds.

Electric Frenzy
- Magic Damage reduced from 40/60/80/100 to 35/50/65/80.
- Ability is no longer activatable & is no longer connected to Opposite Charges.
- Autoattack reset mechanic now has a cooldown of 4/3/2/1 seconds.
* The bonus Magic Damage will still be added to your autoattack even if the ability is on cooldown.

Ludicrous Speed
- Initial Mana Cost increased from (15 + 7% of Max Mana) to (20 + 8% of Max Mana).
- Mana Cost per 100 units travelled reduced from (10 + 1% of Max Mana) to (10 + 0.9% of Max Mana).

+ Note that these are all changes based on Patch 4.8.5's content for Doctor Repulsor.
+ These changes ensure that Doctor Repulsor's burst damage does not get out of control too early in the game.

_______________________________________________

 

== Bug Fixes & Optimizations ==

= General =

- Plinko exchange background texture now displays properly.
- Forests of Caldavar ("New") creep pathing has been fixed for the side lane medium pull camps.
- Old shop interface has been extended to accommodate additional items (e.g. Arcane Bomb).
* Credits to Anakonda for the fix.

 

= Heroes =

Grinex
- Negative armor state from Rift Stalk no longer applies to structures.

+ Note that all of these changes in Patch 4.8.5.1 were applied for the SEA client back on the listed patch date, but was not applied in the NAEU/International client at the time. These changes will be patched into the NAEU/International client with Patch 4.8.6.