---
layout: default
title: 4.9.3.1
parent: HoN Client Versions
---

Version 4.9.3.1 - 17 June 2021

 

== Design ==

= Staff of the Master & Master's Legacy Changes =

King Klout

Goblin Toss
- Staff of the Master effect change (to pre-existing):
* Spawn rate per goblin changed from 2 seconds to 3 seconds.

_______________________________________________

 

= In-Game HUD =

If an ally player is either voice-muted or on your ignore list, then you will not see minimap pings from them.

 

= General =

Mystic Illusion Rune
- Cooldown reduction now only applies to Abilities (i.e. not items).

 

= Heroes =

Adrenaline

Shard Blast
- Base cooldown reduced from 3 seconds to 2.4 seconds.
- When 2 or more enemy heroes are hit, cooldown is now reduced by 0.6 seconds (instead of 0.75 seconds).
* Overall, Shard Blast's possible cooldown values are now reduced from 3/2.25/1.5 seconds to 2.4/1.8/1.2 seconds with respect to hitting 2 or more enemy heroes 0/1/2 times within the last 10 seconds.

Death's Halo
- Now also grants 5 Attack Speed per real hero inside Death's Halo (still 2x the value for enemy heroes).

_______________________________________________

Artillery

LRM
- Percentage of Attack Damage bonus on each LRM rocket increased from 7/12/17/22% to 7/13/19/25%.

_______________________________________________

Empath

As One
- While active, bonus Mana Regeneration per second for self reduced from 2/3/4 to 1.

_______________________________________________

Engineer
- Attack Range increased from 500 to 550.

_______________________________________________

Fayde
- Base Attack Damage reduced from 48-54 to 46-52.

Reflection
- Movement Speed bonus reduced from 20% to 15%.

_______________________________________________

Glacius

Ice Imprisonment
- Magic Damage per second reduced from 90 to 85.

Chilling Presence
- Bonus Mana Regeneration for self reduced from 1.5 to 1.

_______________________________________________

Ichor
- Strength growth per level reduced from 2.6 to 2.4.

Life Leech
- Cooldown increased from 12 seconds to 14 seconds.
- Percentage of missing Health healed (when dealing non-DoT damage to the affected target) changed from 1.5/2/2.5/3% to 2%.
- Now applies a 1.2 second Life Leech Limiter state to the attacker if they do not have one active.
* Attackers with the Life Leech Limiter state receive 0.5x healing from Life Leech.

Transfusion
- Damage transfer from the affected ally unit increased from 20% to 30%.

Saint's Blood
- No longer grants a base 4/6/8/10% Damage Reduction.
* Max Damage Reduction reduced from 20/30/40/50% to 16/24/32/40%.

Bloodrush
- Duration increased from 7 seconds to 8 seconds.
- Radius reduced from 600 to 500 units.
- Cooldown increased from 100/80/60 seconds to 100/90/80 seconds.
- True Damage per second to enemies reduced from 30/35/40 to 25/30/35.
- Base Heal per second reduced from 20/30/40 to 15.
- Healing increase multiplier for Bloodrush procs per enemy hero hit reduced from +0.5x to +0.4x.
* Max extra heal multiplier from Bloodrush reduced from +1.0x to +0.8x.
- Bloodrush no longer has a 1x base heal multiplier on allies affected with Transfusion.

+ Ichor's resilience and healing was a little too self-sufficient (particularly with Life Leech and Bloodrush, combined with Sacrificial Stone), so his numbers have been adjusted to address this.
+ He will also absorb slightly more damage for his allies with Transfusion, while still maintaining a distinct functionality difference from Monarch's Chrysalis.
+ Despite these changes, Ichor still proves to be an incredibly powerful hero and healer.

_______________________________________________

King Klout

Goblin Toss
- Spawn rate per goblin changed from 8 seconds to 6 seconds.
- Red and Green minions no longer apply their initial burst of Magic Damage in an area, and will only affect the target they directly hit.
* In other words, only the Magic Damage over Time (DoT) and Movement Speed Slow effect are applied in an area.
- The Magic DoT effect now stacks up to 5 times.

Conscription
- Now has a 2.5 second cooldown only for upgrading minions upon triggering Conscription on an enemy unit.

+ King Klout's initial burst of area Magic Damage on the Red and Green minions resulted in too much unintentional burst damage in teamfights and farming rotations. The area effect for the burst of Magic Damage was removed to address these issues.
+ To slightly compensate for this damage loss, the Magic DoT effect now stacks.
+ King Klout was mass upgrading minions with Conscription's "hidden" mechanic coupled with Bluster, which is a 100% unintentional side effect from the original designer of the hero. The minion upgrading effect now takes place over a realistic amount of time, instead of it happening for many of his minions at once whenever King Klout is farming creeps.

_______________________________________________

Lord Salforis

The Undying
- State is no longer transferrable (e.g. by Ichor's Transfusion).

_______________________________________________

Monarch

Chrysalis
- Damage Reduction on the affected ally increased from 30/40/50/60% to 35/45/55/65%.

+ This change is necessary to further differentiate the damage reduction between Monarch and Ichor, as Ichor's damage transfer comes with very little downsides to the affected ally unit.

_______________________________________________

Monkey King
- Base Armor reduced from 3.2 to 2.8.
- Strength growth per level reduced from 2 to 1.9.

_______________________________________________

Pearl

Soothing Presence
- Cooldown increased from 20 seconds to 25 seconds.
- No longer has a cast time.
- Now breaks channeling when cast.

_______________________________________________

Rhapsody

Arcane Hymn
- Healing output bonus reduced from 15/20/25/30% to 8/12/16/20%.

_______________________________________________

Shadowblade
- Strength, Agility and Intelligence growth per level reduced from 2.5 to 2.2.

_______________________________________________

Sir Benzington

Heart Piercer
- Magic Armor penetration now applies for all sources of Magic Damage dealt (rather than just Ability Damage).
* The tooltip was previously misleading, so the Magic Armor penetration mechanic has been adjusted accordingly.

_______________________________________________

Thunderbringer
- Attack Range reduced from 450 to 400.
- Base Movement Speed reduced from 310 to 300.

Chain Lightning
- Cooldown increased from 1.5 seconds to 1.75 seconds.

Blast of Lightning
- Cast Range reduced from 800 to 700.
- Magic Damage reduced from 125/200/275/350 to 115/190/265/340.
- Mana Cost changed from 75/95/115/135 to 90/105/120/135.

Lightning Rod
- Distance for dealing 0.5x damage with Lightning Rod increased from 1000 units to 1100 units (to account for Jade Spire).
- Now properly deals 0.5x damage to enemies farther than 1100 units from Thunderbringer.
* This is technically a bugfix, but it affects his balance with regards to Lightning Storm in many situations.

+ Thunderbringer's numbers were a little overtuned (particularly the mana cost to damage ratio on Blast of Lightning), so he should be well balanced after these changes and the bugfix to his Lightning Rod.

_______________________________________________

Tundra

Call of Winter
- Shiver's immunity type changed from Gadget Immunity to Indirect Immunity.
* This means that non-DoT, non-Cleave damage can now kill Shiver in 1 hit.

_______________________________________________

 

= Items =

Lightbrand Line of Items

Lightbrand
- Bonus Mana Regeneration per second reduced from 2.5 to 1.5.

Frozen Light
- Bonus Mana Regeneration per second reduced from 3.5 to 2.5.

Searing Light
- Bonus Mana Regeneration per second reduced from 3.5 to 2.5.

Dawnbringer
- Bonus Mana Regeneration per second reduced from 4.5 to 3.

+ The Lightbrand line of items was still giving far too much value. These changes should make them more comparable to the Firebrand and Icebrand line of items.

_______________________________________________

Dreamcatcher
- State applied to enemies is no longer transferrable (e.g. by Ichor's Transfusion).

Ether Jewel
- Max Mana reduced from 120 to 100.

Faux Bow
- Cast Range reduced from 700 to 650.

Golden Apple
- Cost increased from 70 Gold to 75 Gold.
- Cooldown increased from 5 seconds to 20 seconds.

Grimoire of Power
- Cooldown reduction now only applies to Abilities (i.e. not Items).
- Cooldown changed from 72 seconds (after the previous cooldown reduction to items) to 75 seconds.

Jade Spire
- Recipe cost reduced from 300 Gold to 100 Gold.
* Total Cost reduced from 2100 Gold to 1900 Gold.

Lex Talionis
- Now has a Mana Cost of 5.

Puzzlebox
- Recipe cost increased from 1050 Gold to 1100 Gold.
- Total cost per level of Puzzlebox changed from 2500/3550/4600 to 2550/3650/4750 Gold.

Sacrificial Stone
- Healing output bonus reduced from 20% to 15%.

_______________________________________________

 

== Bug Fixes & Optimizations ==

= General =

- Fixed the following states from dispelling if they were applied before a damage mitigation source that reduced incoming damage to 0 or less:
* Bottle
* Draconis' Draconic Defense
* Dreamcatcher state on allies
* Health Potion
* Kane's Force of Balance regeneration states
* Klanx's H.A.W.K. (while active)
* Kongor regeneration state (after killing one)
* Mana Potion
* Monkey King's Flying Nimbus
* Nymphora's Grace of the Nymph
* Pegasus Boots' retention of charges
* Pestilence's Flight second activation (while Flight is active)
* Portal Key
* Post Haste's retention of charges
* Regeneration Rune and Ioyn Stone's Regeneration state
* Rejuvenation Potion
* Soultrap state on allies
* Striders' retention of charges
* Tempest's Meteor

AFK Detection
- Non-hero units you control that are moving outside of your base will no longer reset your AFK timer.
- Attacking item chests on the ground will no longer reset your AFK timer.

Mid Wars
- Hero Ban: the second hero ban from each player on your team are now displayed properly in the User Interface.

 

= Heroes =

Artesia
- Fixed Arcane Missile targeting while Essence Projection is active (if Arcane Missile is cast past its natural cast range).

Behemoth
- Enrage now properly places Enraged Leap on cooldown for Misfit and Plushie Behemoth if both products are owned and the in-game time phase is night time.

Corrupted Disciple
- Loki (HD) avatar model is now correct for "Low" model quality.

Fayde
- Reflection cooldown values are now correct after Umbral Dance is triggered (with Staff of the Master).

Forsaken Archer
- Split Fire's range is now properly adjusted based on her 550 Attack Range (the range is 50 more than her current Attack Range).

Hammerstorm
- Brute Strength (when boosted by Staff of the Master) no longer plays the on-cast voiceovers when other ally heroes enter its aura radius.

Pyromancer
- Punk Pyro's Phoenix Wave and body visual effects no longer generates particles with potentially infinite lifetime.

Swiftblade
- Counter Attack ranged projectile models are now displayed properly for the following avatars:
* Cyber Samurai
* Halion
* Kissaki
* Punk Swifty

Tempest
- Meteor Strike no longer breaks channeling if Tempest has Staff of the Master.

Thunderbringer
- Lightning Storm now deals the proper amount of damage at level 1 of the ability.
* This only happened in Practice Mode if you level Lightning Storm to level 2 or higher and reset Thunderbringer's level, so it never occurred in a real game.

 

= Items =

Barbed Armor
- Visual effects no longer play every frame when receiving and dealing DoT damage via Barbed Armor.

Faux Bow
- Faux Bow state now expires on self upon using this item prior to the new Faux Bow state being applied on self (fixes an unintended exploit with Restoration Stone).

_______________________________________________

 